Update _index.md / Slash Commands (#904)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/integrate/slash-commands/_index.md

By default, Mattermost prohibits outgoing connections that resolve to certain common IP ranges, including the loopback (`127.0.0.0/8`) and various private-use subnets.

> During development, you may override this behaviour by setting `ServiceSettings.AllowedUntrustedInternalConnections` to `"127.0.0.0/8"` in your `config.json` or via the System Console's Advanced > Developer page. See the [admin guide's notes](https://docs.mattermost.com/configure/configuration-settings.html#allow-untrusted-internal-connections-to) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During development, you may override this behaviour by setting `ServiceSettings.AllowedUntrustedInternalConnections` to `"127.0.0.0/8"` in your `config.json` or via System Console **Advanced > Developer**. See the [admin guide's notes](https://docs.mattermost.com/configure/configuration-settings.html#allow-untrusted-internal-connections-to) for more details.
```
